DOCS-7946-content added (#243)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policies-policy-level.adoc

> = Resource Level Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Resource-Level Policies
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

At the resource level of granularity, policies are applied to only those requests that match the criteria.  All policies, except the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policy, are resource-level.

> With Mule 4, resource-level policy support now includes HTTP-based APIs along with RAML APIs, as opposed to support for only RAML APIs in Mule 3. A policy applied at a resource level affects all HTTP methods within the resource: PUT, GET, POST, and selected HTTP methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Mule 4, resource-level policies support HTTP-based APIs in addition to RAML APIs. A policy applied at a resource level affects all HTTP methods within the resource: PUT, GET, POST, and other selected HTTP methods.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //image::methods-resources.png[]

Reviewer: Where is the image?

Author: Don't need it here. Thanks! Done!

> You can apply multiple conditions to filter your resources and HTTP methods. The URI template regex can be applied to one, many, or all the methods in your API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply multiple conditions to filter your resources and HTTP methods, and you can apply the URI template regex to any number of methods in your API.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> //explain here what is URI template regex--fede

Reviewer: Missing text okay?

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Usage Scenarios for Resource-Level Policies

> The uses for resource-level policies are limitless. Listed below are a few examples of how you might implement the resource-level policies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use resource-level policies in many ways. Here are just a few:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Applying policies to specific resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apply policies to specific resources.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Securing a subset of an API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secure a subset of an API.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Setting different limits on resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set different limits on resources.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> If you have a RAML or OAS specification attached to your API, you can use the  Preview Resource Matching option to check which resources are affected by your filters:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY beware of introducing extra spaces:
```suggestion
If you have a RAML or OAS specification attached to your API, you can use the Preview Resource Matching option to determine which resources are affected by your filters:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

image::users-api-cropped.png[API Console displays resources and methods,height=329,width=732]

A resource-level policy supports regular Java expressions. For example, you can use the wildcard to apply a policy to multiple resources. When you apply the policy to the API, specify the resources to which it applies.

//image::rlp-conditions.png[]

== Guidelines for Implementing Resource-Level Policies

When implementing resource-level policies:

* Do not use a placeholder, such as {userid}, in the regular expression. 
+
Using a placeholder in an expression fails because the placeholder does not match the actual node. In the example placeholder {userid}, the node looks something like this:
+
`/api/users/671962fc-f076-4b19-bc38-45ba3a4e4095/permissions/1234`

> ** `671962fc-f076-4b19-bc38-45ba3a4e4095` is the user ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `671962fc-f076-4b19-bc38-45ba3a4e4095` is the user ID.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ** `671962fc-f076-4b19-bc38-45ba3a4e4095` is the user ID

Reviewer: Does your audience really require an example of why we suggest this guideline?

Author: Yes, examples are always good. Done! Thanks!

> ** `1234` is the ID of a permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `1234` is the ID of a permission.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
